Generate and add `ActiveCampaign` connector (#670)
ballerina-platform/openapi-connectors: openapi/activecampaign/Module.md

## Overview

> This is a generated connector for [ActiveCampaign API version 3](https://developers.activecampaign.com/reference/overview) OpenAPI specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a generated connector for [ActiveCampaign API v3](https://developers.activecampaign.com/reference/overview) OpenAPI specification.
```

ActiveCampaign is an integrated email marketing, automation, sales software, and CRM platform. It lets users perform powerful automation, email marketing, and customer relationship management.

## Prerequisites

Before using this connector in your Ballerina application, complete the following:

* Create an [ActiveCampaign Account](https://www.activecampaign.com).
* Obtain tokens by following [this guide](https://developers.activecampaign.com/reference/authentication).

## Quickstart

To use the ActiveCampaign connector in your Ballerina application, update the .bal file as follows:

### Step 1: Import connector
First, import the `ballerinax/activecampaign` module into the Ballerina project.
```ballerina
import ballerinax/activecampaign;
```

### Step 2: Create a new connector instance
You can now make the connection configuration using the <API_TOKEN>.
```ballerina
activecampaign:ApiKeysConfig apiKeyConfig = {
    apiToken:"<API_TOKEN>"
};

> activecampaign:Client baseClient = check new Client(clientConfig);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
activecampaign:Client baseClient = check new (clientConfig);
```
Shouldn't it be like this?
